目录放这些：
Introduction
Modeling Showcase
Modeling Procedure
The plugin of the Fusion 360
Motion Animation Procedure
Mechanical Drawing
Other CAD Software


1）Introduction
Fusion 360 is a cloud-based 3D modelling, CAD, CAM, CAE and PCB software platform for product design and manufacturing.

● Design and engineer products how you want to ensure aesthetics, form, fit and function

● Engineer, design and create anything with comprehensive electronics and PCB design tools

● Save time and money and get quality parts out the door faster


2）Modeling Showcase
设计源文件在fusion 360的 zju2023》Zjumini2023-1》叶润 文件夹里，放后两个即可


3）Modeling Procedure
这里放GIF图的前6张（S1-S6），因为步骤都在图里了，所以不用其他文字补充


4）The plugin of the Fusion 360
插件动画GIF（李庆龄、赵翠娜）


5）Motion Animation Procedure
仿真制作过程，这里放GIF图的第7-8张（S7 & 效果展示）


6）Mechanical Drawing
工程制图（张春旭）


7）Other CAD Software

①Creo Parametric：
PTC’s developers created Creo Parametric as a sound foundation software that allows users the ability to expand deeper functionality with each component. As your products become more complex in its engineering, Creo offers expanded capabilities to meet your requirements. Every product isn’t made equal and your 3D CAD solution shouldn’t be either.
Creo Parametric provides the broadest range of powerful yet flexible CAD 3D modeling software capabilities to accelerate the design of parts and assemblies. With Creo and its extensions, you’ll have access to technologies such as:
● Generative design
● Real-time simulation
● Additive manufacturing
● Augmented reality

②SolidWorks
SolidWorks is a solid modeling computer-aided design (CAD) and computer-aided engineering (CAE) computer program that runs on Microsoft Windows. SolidWorks is published by Dassault Systèmes.
Like that, Solidworks is also knownas "DSS Solidworks". DSS means the Dassault Systems, the developer of this CAD software. This is CADsoftware, which helps to create 2D or 3D solid models without any complexity, faster and in the costeffective way. The main advantage of the solid modeler is that very easy to use, simple graphics userinterface and much more friendly, as compared with other CAD solid modeling softwares such as Creo PTECatia etc. lt contains Solid part modeling, Assembly, Motion, Simulation, Toolbox, ToolAnalyst, CircuteWorks, PhotoView 360 ScanTo3D, e-drawings and DWG editor.
